c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\PivotPage.xbf
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\Agro.xr.xml
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\Agro.exe
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\Agro.pdb
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\Agro.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\PivotPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\PivotPage.g.cs
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\PivotPage.xaml
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\PivotPage.xbf
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\Agro.exe
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\Agro.pdb
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\Agro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kitty\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\Agro.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\kitty\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\FeedPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\kitty\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\FeedPage.g.cs
C:\Users\kitty\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\bin\Debug\FeedPage.xbf
C:\Users\kitty\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\FeedPage.xaml
C:\Users\kitty\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Agro\Agro\obj\Debug\FeedPage.xbf
